SPCTR-3152 Fix: BlockQuotes -  Resolve an issue of whenever we use `#` or `@` in content we get <em> on twitter. (#3397)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

## Changelog ##

### x.x.x ###

> * Fix: Blockquote - Resolved an issue wherein the presence of '#' or '@' symbols in the description would result in the removal of content following these symbols when shared on Twitter.

Reviewer: This entry is good, but we can further shorten it.

```suggestion
* Fix: Blockquote - Resolved an issue wherein having '#' or '@' symbols in the description would result in the removal of content following them when shared on Twitter.
```

Author: Resolved.
